hello everyone welcome to movieverse
today we're gonna talk about a science
fiction movie titled tomorrowland
watch out for some spoilers ahead
the film starts with frank walker and
casey newton addressing the audience
they want to tell a story about the
future starting with frank
he says that the future is scary and
grim but casey doesn't think the story
should go that way
she suggests he start when the future
for him was looking brighter
in 1964 a young frank attends new york
world's fair
he carries a heavy bag walking past
other aspiring inventors
he meets renowned inventor david nix
frank shows him his jet pack that he
built himself then frank meets a young
girl named athena
she asks him if the jet pack works frank
tested it out and it launched him
through the field outside his house
nix inquires as to how such an invention
would make the world a better place
frank answers that it's just a fun
invention and if anyone saw someone
flying it he hopes they would be
inspired
nix dismisses the jet pack and sends
frank out
in a brief flashback we see frank
arguing with his father who also thinks
the jet pack is useless
frank insists that he won't give up on
it
outside in the fair athena approaches
frank and slips him a pin with a t on it
she tells him to follow her and necks as
they go on the it's a small world ride
frank sneaks onto a boat where in the
tunnel a light scans the pin on his
shirt and it takes him through an
underground passageway
it leads him into a pod that transports
him to a mysterious place
he steps out and sees athena flying in a
pod waving at him
two larger animatronic pods start to
construct something pushing frank off
the ledge
he lands on another ledge and his jet
pack falls after him breaking apart a
big robot takes the jet pack and fixes
it then gives frank a thumbs up
two men come out and call after frank
causing him to fall again
he goes to reach his jetpack as he falls
through the clouds getting a brief look
at the futuristic utopia that he's been
led to
he slips the jet pack on in the nick of
time and soars through the air before
everyone's eyes
he lands before nyx and athena the
former still unimpressed athena smiles
and takes his hand to guide him through
what is known as tomorrowland
casey starts her story with a little
more optimism
we see a video of her as a child with
her parents looking up at the stars as
she names all the major ones
she wanted to go up there someday
in the present we see casey sneaking
into a nasa launch site in cape
canaveral she sabotages a machine that
is being used to replace certain workers
including her dad eddie who is an
engineer
casey leaves not knowing that athena is
watching her
she returns home where her little
brother nate catches her sneaking back
in
he promises not to tell their dad what
casey's been up to
athena sneaks into the newton's garage
and gets casey's helmet
she plants a pin like the one she gave
frank in the helmet and then takes a
strand of casey's hair for a scan
in the morning casey is heading to
school when she helps her dad fix a
device he's been working on
eddie has accepted that the nasa
platform is shutting down despite what
casey thinks
she tells him a story that she's always
heard about the two wolves wherein there
are metaphorically two wolves fighting
within all of us and the one that wins
is the one that is fed
casey tries to break into the platform
again
she uses a flying toy with a camera only
to get caught and arrested
her dad posts her bail and she goes to
collect her items
among them is the pin which she has
never seen before
she briefly touches it and is instantly
standing in a wheat field
casey springs up in shock and then finds
herself still in the station
she picks the pin back up and is back in
the field she looks ahead to see what
looks like a big castle
she walks toward it only to bump her
head on the ceiling eddie picks her up
and is angry
she tries to show him what the pin does
but it doesn't work on him
casey touches it again and sees herself
in the field floating above it as she's
being driven
eddie takes it from her and tells her to
stop
that night casey sneaks into eddie's
room and takes the pin back
she starts walking toward the castle and
falls down the stairs
she goes outside and rides her bike in
the direction from where she sees the
castle
still holding the pin she finds herself
right in tomorrowland
she sees three guys flying in jet packs
one guy crashes and lands with his suit
that forms an airbag
casey continues walking through the
place and is amazed at all the
inventions she sees
it appears as though the other
attendants can see and interact with her
casey then notices that the pin is
counting down to less than two minutes
she rides a shuttle and is invited by
one attendant to ride with her and a few
others
as casey walks toward them it appears
she's walking through water the time on
the pin runs out and she is walking
through a swamp frustrated with the pins
limited power
casey runs back home and gets nate to
log into their dad's computer
he helps her find an address to a shop
where they have pins like the one casey
has
she tells nate that she saw the future
and he will get to see it but not yet
she asks him to tell their dad that she
went on a camping trip
the next morning athena shows up at the
newton home posing as a girl scout
nate knows she's faking but athena knows
that nate is lying when he says casey is
camping
he tells athena where she really went
casey goes to a shop called blast from
the past filled with vintage memorabilia
items
she meets the two shop owners hugo and
ursula
when casey shows them the pin they ask
her if she saw something and where she
found it casey says she got it after she
was arrested prompting ursula to push a
button
they start to ask her menacingly if she
saw a girl they then take out two plasma
guns and aim them at casey
athena then bursts in and fights hugo
and ursula
she fires a time sphere that traps the
two in a bubble before they can kill
casey
athena convinces casey to follow her as
she pulls her out of trouble
she then gets ursula to impale hugo and
then she rips off ursula's head
revealing both of them to be robots
athena grabs casey and runs as the
robots self-destruct and destroy the
shop
athena breaks into a car and uses a
special key to take it
casey learns that athena is also a robot
and that she knows of what casey has
seen
she admits that she planted the pin in
her helmet casey makes athena stop the
car and leaves athena follows after her
and gets hit by a truck
the driver runs out giving casey a
chance to swipe the truck
athena gets up and runs after her before
catching up and hijacking the truck
herself
the girls ride to find frank's house
athena takes casey far enough to leave
her right in front of frank's house
a wild dog runs out to casey which turns
out to be a hologram
she goes up to the door and calls frank
out she holds the pin to the camera and
then gets thrown back by a powerful
blast
frank tells casey to go away and that he
won't tell her anything about the pin
and that he couldn't even take her to
the place she saw because he's been
banished from there
a team of robots goes to the burnt down
shop they pull out ursula's burnt robot
head revealing their nature to the cops
on the scene before vaporizing them with
their plasma guns
at night casey sets frank's tractor on
fire distracting him long enough for her
to sneak into his house
she finds a few of frank's inventions
including a recording device showing him
as a child with athena he apparently
tried to make her laugh but did not
succeed
he still didn't seem to know that she
was a robot
frank gets back inside as casey goes to
his room where he has a bunch of
monitors linked around the world along
with a countdown clock
frank has apparently built something
that is about to go off in 58 days time
bringing about the end of the world
frank has lost all hope but casey hasn't
and the 100 probability meter on frank's
screen goes down a few point
the robots then show up and threaten to
attack frank if he doesn't give casey up
they break in an attack forcing frank to
use whatever inventions he prepared
against them
casey finds a portal machine and uses it
on one robot while frank uses a laser
trap to kill a few others
they go into the bathroom and hop in a
tub where frank ejects the tub and blows
up his house
he and casey land in the lake and run
into athena and frank is not very happy
to see her
knowing that they'll be hunted frank
brings casey and athena to a
teleportation machine of his invention
frank makes casey cover her eyes with
padding and then braces her for blood
sugar loss
when they arrive at their destination
casey falls to the floor
athena fetches her a bottle of coke
which she chugs instantly and then chugs
frank's other bottle
they walk outside to see themselves in
the eiffel tower
they go into a room with mannequins of
gustav eiffel jules verne nikola tesla
and thomas edison
they were the founder of plus ultra a
group of inventors dedicated to finding
other dreamers and inventors with the
hope of shaping the future for the
better
together their experiments uncovered a
new dimension that would become
tomorrowland
frank brings the girls to a rocket in
the tower
three robots then come into attack
the rocket launches into the sky with
many people watching
the pod with the three inside breaks off
and blasts into the next dimension
the three crash land into tomorrowland
which looks broken down and desolate
nix now the governor of the city arrives
not surprised to see frank and athena
he takes them in casey to his building
where they stand on a platform that
shows them a few seconds into the future
using tachyons they come across a
monitor that shows certain events in
time in this case casey with nate and
eddie a few days ago
casey is given the chance to see into
the future
she looks into cape canaveral at the
nasa platform
as she goes through the time passing the
platform becomes practically destroyed
she looks all over the rest of the world
and sees riots natural disasters and
utter catastrophe
this is all because of frank's device
and because he gave up when he said he
wouldn't
casey still refuses to believe this will
be what happens to the world offering
another glimpse of hope
although upset at first casey comes to
realize that the monitor doesn't show
what will happen but what could happen
which means they have a chance to stop
frank's doomsday device
it turns out that nix is keeping the
device going because he had shown the
people of tomorrowland the monitor
featuring the destruction saying they
can stop it but nobody listened to him
he just figured he ought to let it
happen and then shape the world in his
own way
nix opens a portal to banish the three
before the world ends but frank ends up
fighting him while athena and casey try
to use on a frank's kiloton bombs to
destroy the machine casey rides a
platform up to throw the bomb but she
misses her chance and is forced to throw
it through the portal
the portal is destroyed by the bomb and
part of it falls on nix's leg pinning
him down
he attempts to shoot at frank which
athena sees moments before it happens
giving her a chance to jump in and take
the shot herself
frank takes athena to try and get
repaired but she knows her time is
running out she plays a recording of
when she knew frank as a child
she knew he was smitten by her but she
didn't know how to tell him that she was
not human and therefore could not feel
for him what he felt for her
she watched frank as he grew and was
banished from tomorrowland
athena tells frank to use her
self-destruct sequence to destroy the
machine
frank carries her with his jet pack up
to the highest point
they say goodbye as athena shuts down
completely
frank drops her into the machine causing
it explode and come crashing down on top
of knicks
together frank and casey decide that
they can help change the future for the
better they start by recruiting nate and
eddie by having casey return home
through another portal
we then see that the people they've been
telling the story to are dozens of
athena-like robots with a hope that they
can continue to bring about the vision
of tomorrowland
frank and casey give all the kids pins
and send them to various places around
the world with the portal
the kids drop them around to other
people that they deem worthy of seeing
the future the people find the pins and
touch them allowing them to also uncover
the mystery of tomorrowland
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on the notification and leave a
like has really helped the channel out